[BPK-2049] add white cta (#131)
Skyscanner/backpack-ios: UNRELEASED.md

# Unreleased

**Added:**

- Backpack/Button

>   - New `white` configuration which renders just an outline and the text. Designed for use on more colourful backgrounds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - New `outline` button type which renders just an outline and the text in white. Intended for use on coloured backgrounds.
```
